What did you want to be when you were growing up?	
What's your biggest misbelief you recently found out isn’t true?	
What's your worst habit?	
What is the character trait you’re most proud of?	
What is the character trait you’re least proud of?	
What's the last thing on searched for on YouTube?	
What's the last thing on searched for on Google?	
If you won £50m in the lottery, how would you spend it?	
What do you love most about yourself?	
What’s the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to you?	
If I opened your fridge, what would I always find?	
Have you ever seen a ghost?
Top 3 favourite snacks of all time?
What is your most used emoji?
If you had to delete all but three apps from your smartphone, which ones would you keep?	
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten?	
If you could eliminate one food so no one could eat it ever again, what would you destroy?	
If you had to teach a class on one thing, what would you teach?	
How will you live when you retire?	
Which actor would you want to play you in the movie about your life?	
What is your favourite movie of all time?	
Do you have a story of an accident you caused whereby in trying to clean it up you made it much worse?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?	
Do you have a party trick or hidden talent?
What TV show do you wish they made more of?
Would you rather live as you are or be given 1 million dollars but a snail is following you for the rest of your life and if it touches you you're dead?
Are you usually early or late for things?
What was your first job?	
You're organising a night out, you can select 3 bars but they can't be in the same country as eachother. What does your night look like?	
What is your favourite TV show of all time?	
If you had to choose Netlix or Spotify, which would it be?	
What is the naughtiest thing you ever did as a kid (and did you get away with it)?
What TV show are you binging right now?	
If you could invite 3 people (dead or alive) to dinner, who would they be?
What's your go-to karaoke song?
What's the most hungover you've ever been?
What's your favourite song that you think no one else has heard?
What would you be most likely to be arrested for (or have you already been?)
What are your top 3 favourite feelings? For example, the first sip of coke on a hangover...
What was your first email address?
Worst first date?
Write an email you think the person to your left would send at work
What's your stripper name? Name of first pet + first word of street you grew up on
Can you draw the layout of the house you grew up in?
What's the stupidest way you've ever injured yourself?
